Chen Yao, what's the matter?
I want to ask you a favor
OK
Sit down, it's alright
Yeah, you still have pictures of me from high school?
What's wrong with me?
Can you give me one?
Then why should I give it to you?
That's my treasure
Oh yes, it's on fire, my thigh hurts a little
Help me take a look, aren't you studying medicine?
Ah, these little bruises will be resolved tomorrow.
Oh, it hurts!
I I
Zhang Feng, I'm so scared to be hunted down these days
Will you accompany me?
This and that
You and the rich woman will be safe in our house
Didn't my sister and I protect you during the day?
Don't worry, Chen Yang, what else do you have to do?
It's nothing, I'll go first, okay?
Don't go, you really can't do this.
Do you like Sister Mei?
Don't talk nonsense
Hey Zhang Feng
Dear, rest early.
I'll go first, Zhang Feng
I'll wait for you.